`CONTRIBUTING.md` updates (#131)
React95/React95: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Fork and clone the repo;
2. Install the required dependencies

   ```sh
   $ yarn
   ```

3. Work from within the `packages/core` directory.

   ```sh
   $ cd packages/core
   ```

4. Start up the dev server:

   ```sh
   $ yarn run storybook

>    ```

Reviewer: Actually, we have [`yarn dev`](https://github.com/React95/React95/blob/master/package.json#L41) at the root to work with.

You need to follow a simple structure pattern:

- Every new component need to have it's specific folder, this folder need to be named as the component name;
- The component folder need the component file itself and an `index.js` file that export that component;
- You need to import and export that component on `index.js` that are on components folder;
- Every new component need to have its own story file;

> - When you finish your work, you'll need to commit by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you finish your work, you'll need to commit with messages following [conventional commit](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) pattern. The easiest way to do this is running
```
